# audiotest VERSION 1 WITH LIMITED BROWSER SUPPORT
Template for University of Salford MSc Audio Production students to adapt to host comparative audio tests online

01/09/2020 this project is now unlikely to be developed further, a new project audiotest-2, which uses an embedded video player (the content for which is hosted elsewhere), seems to offer more flexibility of video file formats that can be uploaded & better browser compatibility (looking compatible with all modern browsers)

If you do still choose to use this template the following additional actions are required as a minimum:
1. A video file or files with multiple audio tracks to switch between should accompany the other files (html, css, js & php) in the directory. The video file referenced in the html files currently is output2.mov, this reference will need to be edited to match the video file(s) you are using. If using a different video codec it may also be necessary to amend type="video/quicktime" as appropriate (see item 5).
2. When the php files are performing their function they e-mail test results to an address “hard written” into the code of the files. Currently placeholder address "you@edu.salford.ac.uk" is used, this will need to be edited to the test owner's e-mail address. At time of writing there is some doubt that a "@edu.salford.ac.uk" will work & it may be necessary to use a personal mail.
3. For each additional test page you will need differently named copies of index.html & form2mail.php. One example copy of each is included in this repository, with the copy pages named page2.html & form2mail2.php respectivevly. In addition to renaming the copied html file(s) & editing them to reference different video files, you will need to edit the "action" on the form included, so the test results are sent to the corresponding php file. You will need to edit the php file so the e-mail it sends has a different subject (p1, p2, p3 etc) so you can tell which e-mail received relates to which test page. You will need to edit the link on the php page which takes you to the next page of the test (or back to the beginning, on the final page of the test).
4. The php file (& any additional php files you create) need to be hosted on a machine running PHP (e.g. a web server) to perform its function. You could test and develop the function of the html, css & js files hosting these locally, but the functionality that follows pressing “Submit” on the index page will not work. See University Service Portal Knowledge article https://salfordprod.service-now.com/sp?id=search&q=KB0010645 for information on University provided hosting accounts.
5. At the time at head of this information switching audio tracks during html video element playback has limited browser support. It has been tested & works on Safari & Edge 84. It does not currently work in Chrome without specific developer flags enabled. The entire project needs to be developed further for Firefox, most recent update attempts to overcome problems with video compatibility in Firefox, if successful then work to correctly style the test faders will be investigated.
6. Consideration should be given to GDPR regulation, despite the very small amount of data being collected (name of subject) in running the test. You might consider removing the text input field for name from the test to anonymise it, removing personal data fom the test, but as the page wil be hosted on the net & searchable & accessible to anyone this runs the risk of random & possibly unreliable results.
